# Word dump of the research (clean/organise after)

From the research I had been doing, there has been a series of similarities as well as differences. Firstly, I had done some of my research prior to taking an interest to the project as I previously was interested in learning new things such as different maths things. So I used to watch a lot of YouTube videos in the background or sometimes more focused in whatever I was intrigued by. Then when the project briefs came along, I was interested in origami maths and went to research more about that to see whether I would be interested. The topic origami maths was actually another project idea by Abdul Salhi who was doing a project on error modelling in origami maths. I found that interesting and wanted to learn more about what origami maths was. I didn't do the project in the end, but wanted to show the creative side of maths through the project Communicating Mathematics/Data Science. Hence, I am now doing one on that specific thing. However, there is another one that I was interested in, that came way before my third year. This was when I was applying for university and was captivated by music and maths, and John Cage who created compositions based off of one number, or a set of numbers and then his piece would showcase that specific number. This was really interesting to know more about Music of the Spheres which also showed that arts and sciences were actually really closely related and similar before they diverged into their respective places in this modern society that those who are from either of the fields may have discrepencies that they are in no way similar or plausible to have been working one without the other. Aka, you need to have creativity to be able to make the findings of science and logic. In this modern society, many think that they are so different that it would be like blasphemy or crazy to say they are linked. There was another word starting with a "c" but I can't quite remember what it was to replace "crazy". 

So, onto the research. Oh before that, I also had went to quite a few talks, masterclasses, webinars, seminars, summer schools and workshops which contributed to my research findings. Albeit in honesty, it comprises of many years of opinions, I believe that not much has changed for some of it in the teaching methods and styles. So, without further ado, lets get to writing it all down. 

So, in terms of the first ones I've mentioned above, majority of the things above are mostly classified as engagement activities albeit some may be more informative, it was not necessarily as much a teaching event as university lectures or inaugural lectures. Hence, I would classify most of them as a majority to be an engagement kind. So, let's talk different ages which can then help to showcase the styles and methods and all the nitty gritty bits. 

1. talks
Okay, so this may have to have quite a few sections since depending on the year I went to the talks, they changed in terms of the reading level and spoken level of understanding. Firstly, the ones from when I was in secondary school, so I would be between the years of Year 9/10/11, or it might be in the first year of sixth form at age 16/17, where I remember going to some masterclasses at Greenwich University for mathematics masterclasses. This was interesting because we would have had some knowledge of A-level maths and was learning more about that. This would be an engagement activity and had been explained with a depth that A-level students would understand but with still a bit of difficulty in the concepts that are for university students to study. Whilst it was difficult to understand everything, it was fistly explained in a more basic manner and continued to be a fun topic so that students would be engaged and interactive during the masterclass. It involved doing activities in between explanations and was for the day with breaks and tours.


Other talks included ones from summer schools, in which this was for a whole week, albeit not all were mathematics, during the time at Royal Holloway for applying as a university, there was an induction day for mathematics and music. At this time, this included 